[YAML design] GitOps: Support multiple apps in one YAML file (#31086)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

### Options

For possible options, see the parameters for the [Edit team policy API endpoint](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#edit-team-policy). 

In Fleet Premium you can trigger software installs or script runs on policy failure:

> - For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium

Author: ```suggestion
- For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software. hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium
```

> - For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium

Author: ### Dev note

If the user specifies `software.package_patch` and the package YAML has more than one package, GitOps will fail and Fleet will show an easy to understand error message.

> - For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium_
```

> - For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software. hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium

Author: ```suggestion
- For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium
```

> - For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium_

Author: ### Dev note

If the user specifies `software.package_path` and the package YAML has more than one package, GitOps will fail and Fleet will show an easy to understand error message.

Reviewer: Error message copy:

```
Couldn't edit policies. YAML file specified at "software.package_path" must have only one package.
```

### Options

> For possible options, see the parameters for the [Edit team policy API endpoint](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#edit-team-policy). 

Reviewer 2: Not clear on why this switched. This looks like a link nested in a link and I don't understand the link destination here.

In Fleet Premium you can trigger software installs or script runs on policy failure:

> - For software installs, specify either `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium_

Author: ### Dev note

If the user specifies `software.package_path` and the package YAML has more than one package, GitOps will fail and Fleet will show an easy to understand error message.

Error message copy:

```
Couldn't edit policies. YAML file specified at "software.package_path" must have only one package.
```

> - For software installs, replace `software_title_id` (API parameter) with one of `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium_

Author: ```suggestion
- For software installs, specify either `install_software.package_path` or `install_software.hash_sha256` in your YAML. If `install_software.package_path` only one package can be specified in the package YAML. _Available in Fleet Premium_
```

### Options

> For possible options, see the parameters for the [Add policy API endpoint](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#add-policy). 

Author: ```suggestion
For possible options, see the parameters for the [Edit team policy API endpoint](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#edit-team-policy). 
```

> For possible options, see the parameters for the [Edit team policy API endpoint](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#edit-team-policy). 

Author: @rachaelshaw do you know why `software_title_id` and `script_id` are only available in the [edit team policy](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#edit-team-policy) endpoint? And not the [edit policy (global) endpoint](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#edit-policy).

<img width="695" height="251" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-22 at 10 25 07 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8eab563b-11ef-40a2-9029-3e5030ca3db5" />

Reviewer 3: @noahtalerman I'm assuming it's because you can only add those automations on team policies in the UI:
<img width="558" height="399" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-30 at 3 31 43 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5c40a70c-888c-4ecb-9d6c-b07f9bac2303" />

#### Example

##### URL

`lib/software-name.package.yml`:

```yaml

> - url: https://dl.tailscale.com/stable/tailscale-setup-1.72.0.exe

Author: ### Dev note

Users can specify one or more packages a YAML file. Maintain support for backwards compatibility: package is added if it's not in a list:

```yaml
url: https://dl.tailscale.com/stable/tailscale-setup-1.72.0.exe
install_script:
  path: ../lib/software/tailscale-install-script.ps1
uninstall_script:
  path: ../lib/software/tailscale-uninstall-script.ps1
post_install_script:
  path: ../lib/software/tailscale-config-script.ps1
```
